LICENSE AGREEMENT - FREEWARE Digipromovil App

PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ( "LICENSE") CAREFULLY BEFORE PRESSING THE "AGREE". PRESSING "AGREE", YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, PRESS "DISAGREE" AND YOU MAY NOT USE THIS APPLICATION.

1. Definitions. 
a. Digipromovil App. Refers to IOS or Android, web applications offered Digipro SA de CV or any of its subsidiaries as Freeware, ie available for use without paying license fees. It also includes proprietary software products from suppliers Digipro SA de CV, distributed by Digipro SA de CV under an agreement with the owners of such software.
b. User. Physical or moral person using this product.
c. License. The user's right to use the Software in accordance with the terms and conditions defined. The absence of a license fee will not be in any way an indication of the will or desire of Digipro SA de CV or any of its subsidiaries to place the software in the public domain. Digipro SA de CV or any of its subsidiaries keep trying, and retains all intellectual property rights and ownership of the Software.

2. General. The Digipromovil App software, third, and all documentation and fonts accompanying this License (collectively the "Digipromovil App") are licensed, not sold to you by Digipro SA de CV or any of its subsidiaries ( "Digipro") exclusively for use under the conditions of this License. And Digipro, all rights not expressly granted to you. The rights established hereinafter are limited to the intellectual property rights of Digipro in Digipromovil App, and not include any other patent or intellectual property rights. You own the media on which Digipromovil App is registered, but Digipro and / or Digipro Licensee retains ownership of the software itself.

3. Permitted uses and licensing restrictions. This license allows you to download and use the Digipromovil App on an unlimited number of computers. You may distribute the software to third parties only when such third parties are aware of, and agree to abide by the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. This distribution must include all files related to the Software. Except and only as expressly permitted extent this License or by applicable law, you may not decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble the Digipromovil App. You may not modify, network, rent, lease, loan, sublicense license, assign or transfer the Digipromovil App in whole or in parts. Software can not be used to support any third party products without the express written consent of an authorized representative Digipro. The Digipromovil App software is not intended for use in the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communications systems, control systems, air traffic, life support machines or other types, in which the failure of the Digipromovil App software could lead to death, bodily injury or damage to the environment.

4. Duration of the License. The term of this License will begin with the installation or use of the software Digipromovil App and will remain effective until this Agreement is terminated. The user may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of the Software. Digipro SA de CV may terminate this Agreement at any time upon written notification to the user when Digipro SA de CV longer offers licensing Freeware, or change the terms and conditions under which these licenses are offered, and the user is not willing to accept the revision of the terms and conditions. Your rights under this license will also finalize automatically without notice from Digipro SA de CV if not comply with any term (s) of this License.

5. Consent for data use. You agree that Digipro SA and its subsidiaries may collect and use technical information gathered periodically to facilitate the provision of updates to the software, product support and other services to you (if any) related to the Digipromovil App software, and to verify compliance with the conditions of this License. Digipro can use this information to improve their products or to provide services and technologies and will not disclose this information in a manner that identifies you personally.

6. Disclaimer of warranties. The Digipro software may be incomplete and may contain inaccuracies or errors that could cause failures or loss of data. You expressly acknowledge and agree that use of the Digipromovil App is at your own risk and that the entire risk as to quality, performance, accuracy and effort is on you. Except for the limited warranty on media set forth above and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the Digipromovil App software is provided "as is" basis "is as" with all faults and without warranty of any kind. And Digipro or its licensors (collectively as "Digipro" for the purposes of Articles 6 and 7) states reject all warranties and conditions with regard to Digipromovil App of the software, whether express, implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties and / or conditions of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose, accuracy, of quiet enjoyment, and non-infringement of third party rights . Digipro does not warrant interference with their enjoyment of the Digipromovil App software, the functions and features contained in the Digipromovil App software meets your needs, the operation of the Digipromovil App software will be uninterrupted or error free, or that defects in the software are corrected . No verbal or written communication, or advice given by DigiPro DigiPro or an authorized representative shall create a warranty. In case the software App Digipromovil become defective, you assume the entire cost of any service, repair or correction. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so the above exclusion and limitations may not apply to you.

7. Limitation of Liability. To the extent not prohibited by law, in no event shall the Digipromovil App software must be responsible for personal injury, or any incidental, special, indirect or consequential damages which were, including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss data, or any interruption of business or business or other commercial damages or losses arising from or in connection with the use or inability to use the Digipromovil App software, even caused regardless of the theory of responsibility (contract, tort or otherwise) and even if Digipro has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation of liability for personal injury or incidental or consequential damages, so this limitation may not apply to you. In any case the compensation Digipro will do to you for all damages (except those required by applicable law in cases of bodily injury) must exceed the amount of fifty dollars ($ 50.00). The foregoing limitations will apply even if the resource is not shown above in its essential purpose. However, Digipro defend and indemnify the licensee against any third party claim that the software infringes copyrights or patents of third parties. The foregoing limitations will apply even if the resource is not shown above in its essential purpose. However, Digipro defend and indemnify the licensee against any third party claim that the software infringes copyrights or patents of third parties. The foregoing limitations will apply even if the resource is not shown above in its essential purpose. However, Digipro defend and indemnify the licensee against any third party claim that the software infringes copyrights or patents of third parties.

8. Control Law and severity. This License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United Mexican States, as applied to agreements that are held in the United Mexican States among residents in the United Mexican States. This license is not governed by the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly excluded. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, the remainder of this License shall continue in full force and effect.

9. Complete Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the use of the licensed software App Digipromovil and supersedes all documents and / or contemporaneous understandings or in connection with this. No amendment or modification of this License will be binding unless in writing and be signed by Digipro. Translations of this License is done for local requirements and in the event of a dispute between the Spanish version and any version other than Spanish, must govern the Spanish version of this License.
